doc: Crypto samples doc (#4779)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/crypto/aes_gcm/README.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The AES GCM sample shows how to perform AES authenticated encryption and decryption operations using the GCM block cipher mode and a 128-bit AES key.

Reviewer: Duplication of "mode" since GCM is an acronym for "Galois/Counter Mode". I would prefer algorithm to stay consistent with CCM

Reviewer: GCM algorithm getting added?

Author: Changing to:
The AES GCM sample shows how to perform AES authenticated encryption and decryption operations using the GCM algorithm and a 128-bit AES key.

> The AES GCM sample shows how to perform AES authenticated encryption and decryption operations using the GCM block cipher mode and a 128-bit AES key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AES GCM sample shows how to perform authenticated encryption and decryption operations using the GCM algorithm and a 128-bit key.
```
